Copter: 4.4.0-beta1 release (#23538)
ArduPilot/ardupilot: ArduCopter/ReleaseNotes.txt

    c) DO_SET_ROI_NONE command turns off ROI
    d) JUMP_TAG mission item support
    e) Missions can be stored on SD card (see BRD_SD_MISSION)
    f) NAV_SCRIPT_TIME command accepts floating point arguments
    g) Pause/Resume returns success if mission is already paused or resumed
    h) Payload Place enhancements
        i) Descent speed is configurable (see PLDP_SPEED_DN)
        ii) Manual release supported (detects pilot release of gripper)
        iii) Post release delay is configurable (see PLDP_DELAY)
        iv) Range finder range used to protect against premature release (see PLDP_RNG_MIN)
        v) Touchdown detection threshold is configurable (see PLDP_THRESH)
    i) Position controller angle max adjusted inflight with CH6 Tuning knob (set TUNE=59)
    j) Surface tracking time constant allows tuning response (see SURFTRAK_TC)
    k) Takeoff throttle max is configurable (see TKOFF_TH_MAX)
    l) Throttle-Gain boost increases attitude control gains when throttle high (see ATC_THR_G_BOOST)
    m) Waypoint navigation cornering acceleration is configurable (see WPNAV_ACCEL_C)

>     n) WeatherVane option to only use during takoffs and landings (see WVANE_ENABLE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    n) Added support for Weather Vaneing into the wing in AUTO and GUIDED (see WVANE_ENABLE)
```
I don't think the addition of the feature ever made it to the notes, maybe this is the first release.

Author: cool, txs added.

    b) RCOut banner message always included in Logs
    c) SCR message includes memory usage of all running scripts
    d) CANS message includes CAN bus tx/rx statistics
    e) OFCA (optical flow calibration log message) units added
    f) Home location not logged to CMD message
    g) MOTB message includes throttle output
9) Scripting enhancements
    a) Copter deadreckoning upgraded to applet
    b) EFI Skypower driver gets improved telem messages and bug fixes
    c) Generator throttle control example added
    d) Heap max increased by allowing heap to be split across multiple underlying OS heaps
    e) Hexsoon LEDs applet
    f) Linter code checks for AP drivers and applets
    g) Logging from scripts supports more formats
    h) Parameters can be removed or reordered
    i) Parameter description support (scripts must be in AP's applet or driver directory)
    j) Rangefinder driver support
    k) Runcam_on_arm applet starts recording when vehicle is armed
    l) Safety switch, E-Stop and motor interlock support
    m) Scripts can restart all scripts
    n) Script_Controller applet supports inflight switching of active scripts

>     o) Skipcheck keywords supports skipping argument range checks

Reviewer: This is probably more a developer thing.

Author: ok, I've zapped that line and moved the linter bit down to Developer specfic items.
